                             \|/                  
                             -Orion Nebula Project
                             /|\   Version 1.0    

                                   The Story

About 1,500 light years from Earth there is a Nebula. This Nebula is visible 
from earth and is part of the Orion Constellation.  The Orion Nebula has been 
the site of a major mining operation especially since the discovery of Orium 
a substance that is harder than diamond, is as light as aluminum, and yet 
very heat resistant.  Unfortunately only one planet has been found that 
contains Orium, Alpha Pavonis.  Orium is very valuable in fact the PTMC has 
sold a lot of this Orium to Intergalactic Peace Organizations, and has also 
used some of it to defend the Orion Nebula where Orium is found.  There are 
Defense outposts and other bases among the Orion Nebula.  Each station is 
powered by highly volatile fusion reactors that when set on detention destroy 
the entire structure and its contents.  Since the discovery of Orium many 
other military and some Alien organizations have been trying to steal this 
substance in order to replicate it or use it to take over the universe.  In 
most cases they have failed, until a month ago when the PTMC lost 
communication will half a fleet of robots.  due to an unexpected 
communications breach.  After which these effected robots began to modify 
themselves and the robots around them.  Soon after all mining operations were 
canceled by the rebellion of these robots.  After several attempt to self 
detonate the effected mine failed the robots escaped the mine and began to 
infiltrate the intire Nebula with these modified rebel robots.  Now all 
communication has been severed from the Orion Nebula.  The only known 
solution is to destroy all traces of these robots meaning a manual 
detonation of the stations' and mines' reactor.  You have been elected to 
lead the Orion Nebula Project.  To take back what was lost.  The very fate 
of the universe may depend on your victory or failure.  You are the best 
pilot the PTMC has to offer, that is why you have been chosen.  Now without 
fail Prepare for another Descent... 


                                What it's all about!

Thank you for trying the Orion Nebula Project (ONP).  ONP is a set of add-on
levels for Descent 1 registered version only.  It cannot be run on the
shareware version.  ONP is the result of about 12 people working thousands of
hours and producing the best quality for your pleasure.  ONP contains seven,
maybe eight (if you can find it) levels with exit sequences, custom briefings
that relate the story as it unfolds, and finally and most stunning is the
optional !NEW! MIDI music to listen to while you play.  All this is provided
free of charge and is not intended for the purpose of profit.  But as always
this piece of software is provided AS-IS and there is no technical support
available.


                                 Installation:

1) Unzip the ORION-1.ZIP file into your Descent 1 directory.  The archive should
contain the following files:

ORION.HOG
ORION.MSN
ORION.SNG
ORION.TXT
ONP-MUSC.BAT
MUSC-OFF.BAT

2) If you want the optional MIDI music run ONP-MUSC.BAT before you run Descent.
The music will be enabled every time you play Descent until you run MUSC-OFF.BAT
which will disable the MIDI music.  !WARNING!  While the music is enabled
Descent will not any play music in any levels other than ONP.

3) Run Descent and choose "Orion Nebula Project" from the levels selection menu.
You are now playing the Orion Nebula Project.


                                   Credits:

                Lead Administrator: Bradley Schneider - N2chiefs
               Music Administrator: Benjamin Brewster - SandStone
              Briefing Administrator: Mike Sunderman - Cavecrawler
                      Level Editor: Luke Schneider - Vizor

                    Level Designer: Tim Fredericy - Top Thumb
                    Level Designer: Jean-Etienne Lavallee - Zeldo
                    Level Designer: Bradley Schneider - N2chiefs
                    Level Designer: Luke Schneider - Vizor
                    Level Designer: Mike Sunderman - Cavecrawler
                    Level Designer: Baron Reznik - Gamefreak
                    Level Designer: Zach VanderVeen - Agent000

            Other Contributors: Louis and Kathryn Piscitelle - Shelties
                   Briefing Writer: Mike Sunderman - Cavecrawler
                        Graphics Designer: Alex McMorris


                                Music Credits:

All MIDI music is used with permission of the respective owners.  DO NOT
COPY, RE-USE OR DISTRIBUTE THESE MIDI TITLES WITHOUT THEIR PERMISSION!

      Designer of music for briefings "Roll": Zach VanderVeen - Agent000
Designer of music for end of game "Asention": Benjamin Brewster - SandStone
       Designer of music for level 2 "Space": Zach VanderVeen - Agent000
   Designer of music for level 1 "Extention": Benjamin Brewster - SandStone
     Designer of music for level 6 "Webspin": Zach VanderVeen - Agent000
     Designer of music for level 3 "Voyager": Benjamin Brewster - SandStone
      Designer of music for level 4 "Desert": Zach VanderVeen - Agent000
Designer of music for level 7 "Sharp Melody": Zach VanderVeen - Agent000


Also a very big thanks to the numerous people who made this all possible,
including the makers and distributors of Descent, the people who made such
wonderful level design tools such as DEVIL, DMB, DesEdit, Descent Studio,
HAMM, and many others I forgot to mention.  Thank you one and all!

                                        Orion Nebula Project Lead Administrator
                                                   Bradley Schneider

